How dare you!
It's an insult to the Universal Chamber of Commerce
Since ancient times
The people who humiliated the Universal Chamber of Commerce are dead
He Ye Longyuan will definitely not be able to escape
Ye Longyuan
You dare to make trouble at a business summit
Business Summit
I won't forgive you.
President Wang must not let this trash go
Don't worry.
Make trouble here
No one can escape
President Wang
You know.
This is all caused by Ye Longyuan
It has nothing to do with us.
Don't worry, this president has it in his heart
Ye Longyuan is dead today
I used to hold back
The vice president of the International Chamber of Commerce is unworthy
Zhang Liantian, you still don't know that disaster is imminent
Dare to make such a fuss at the International Chamber of Commerce
Do you think you can get out?
Why are you talking so much nonsense?
Interrupt his death
I want him to know how much he offends me
Send me the President of the International Chamber of Commerce